# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

Types of changes:

- **Added** for new features.
- **Changed** for changes in existing functionality.
- **Deprecated** for soon-to-be removed features.
- **Removed** for now removed features.
- **Fixed** for any bug fixes.
- **Security** in case of vulnerabilities.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

### Fixed

- Corrected unpkg url (again) for multiselect.js in README.md.
- Corrected webpack's `externals`, was causing "duplicate module w/different case" warnings. 

### Added

- Added "registry":"https://npm.pkg.github.com/" to package.json, allows npm to publish package to github.

## [0.3.1] - 2024-04-22

### Fixed

- Corrected unpkg url for muliselect.js in readme doc.

## [0.3.0] - 2024-04-22

### Changed

- Fixed possible null document.getElementById('blocklyDiv') in playground and workspace html pages.
- Fixed double-inclusion of Blockly modules using an entry name-based 'externals' property in Webpack.
- Changed global variable 'MultiselectBlockly' to 'multiselect'.
- Updates and corrections to github workflow.
- Puppeteer shift-mousedown-move selection rectangle working
- Added workspace reconnaissance to mocha functional tests.
- Added terser-webpack-plugin to omit comments from bundles.
- Stopped license files from being generated by webpack automatically.
- Created categoric weights and implemented alphabetic sorting for all menu options.
- Updated contextMenusCss to use :has operator to style parent elements.
- Added puppeteer-screen-recorder for test validation and documentation work.
